The Joe Rogan experience.
People that shouldn't be allowed to make eye contact with me that I'm,
I'm having discourse with and online. Shouldn't be allowed to no, like, I mean,
just the cause you get in your head the way people, dude, I,
people like threatening, CRA, whatever the you hear, some, uh, uh, uh,
college speaker complain about 10 times over. I had coming at me from,
from I'm gonna rape and murder.
Your niece. Well, let's, let's explain for most people that don't.
Know story. I did a terrible thing where I said, Hey, uh, if you get raps, uh,
maybe go to the cops on the way to posting it on Facebook,
that UCB has determined guilt in a rape CA I nearly suggested hit.
The brakes, hit the brakes. No one knows what the you're talking about.
So let's just explain the story, dude. This car is so strong. It's very strong.
I drink he's off the charts. No, I.
Only had one and a quarter and it is strong. It's crank.
I'm trying to counteract it with his indica.
I just want, I want people to understand the story.
There was a guy that was accused of rape and you had decided like they shouldn't
be tried in the court of public opinion on social media. Right.
And what you said is why, and you said.
My friend, first of all, nots, always my friend, not somebody now,
not even defending him, I'm I'm defending any, but like,
how is this cool that this is gonna be tried on Facebook?
Someone's sending around a message that so, and so has been found, uh, UCB,
the noted clown college has done an internal investigation, determined. So,
and so is guilty of rape. So if you have any information, come in,
that's on Facebook.
Now, did they really say it that way?
It was first in an online woman group. Then it got leaked onto.
Regular Facebook, but is it,
but is a representative of the UCB that said that they.
Nob didn't it was some girl on her own.
I found out, well, that's a big friends, right?
Didn't under the umbrella of.
UCB. Did she do it under the UCB Twitter page or Facebook page? Rather? I.
Have no idea it was from Twitter or, or something. Well.
Whatever it is, I mean, she.
Could've just been from Mike. I, I saw it on Mike Chase's page.
It wasn't even the thing I found.
The problem is if you're saying the UCB did it and they didn't it's that's no,
no, they did not. They.
Did. They did not. But you.
Said, okay.
She said that.
She said that, but you said that UCB determined, right? That it was rape.
I saw a post that said that. Right. And this is from this from.
A person, but she said it, the UCB didn't say it.
No, it's not their official word.
At all. Right. Okay. So it's just a person. No.
Be very clear about that. Okay. Never claimed that. Right.
It was a person who I think was like a rape counselor or something buddy,
to deal with. Like this there's a bunch of people. It was like.
A rapy job. So something happened between improv, I guess, performers.
Something happened between performers and this one guy was being accused and he
said, he just real simple without knowing who's guilty or not. Well,
you said he shouldn't be tried the.
Public. He called here's what happened?
A guy that opened for me somewhere was friends with him and go, Hey, can you,
he call you now first question, why call me? Right. Uh,
what am I a noted rape investigator on Facebook?
I think just because I was somebody that yelled and this is me not being aware
of what's building up.
I just yelled out on Facebook about stuff and I had a following.
So it's almost like a, oh, like, uh, uh,
can you talk to you and then throw your weight behind, you know,
I think it was like, but I'm, you know,
I didn't look at it as at Facebook like that. Like, it was like, not,
I didn't understand. <laugh> like how people were looking at my Facebook.
It's ridiculous. But anyway, I talked to the guy on the phone, uh, uh,
and he told me something my, I think was a lie. I mean, you know,
obviously I can't say one or the other, but looking back,
I think what he told me was a lie that, uh,
people were accusing him because he didn't book them on his show,
which just doesn't really make a lot of sense. That's.
Comedy comedy.
You imagine women with that quick to pull the trigger on a rape back.
He how evil they would have to be. Oh, he won't book me. He it. Right?
I mean like, do you crazy that.
Accusation is I can believe they would be involved in comedy,
but that many at once together it's like me light.
Me at eight minutes. Uh, make it 10 or else we got a rape on our hands. Well,
yeah, this is so crazy.
But my point was, if this is guilty,
this is worse because what you've done is handed somebody, a lawsuit.
You can't defame someone like that. And it's like, like,
you just get sued for that. And also this.
Is, you have to be convicted before. You're allowed to say that like.
Legally, but to me, it's not. I mean,
it's like they're taking the campus thing of like where we're gonna have a
college campus say kick you outta school for that rape you committed, dude.
What you said is.
Undeniably talk over each other. I'm it's okay. But it's hard to, that's.
Not a punishment.
That's not a punishment for rape is you get kicked outta school.
This is gender studies, trickling down into real life. Okay.
So the colleges, I assume, let, let that,
let that go on because they don't wanna be known as a school where your daughter
can get raped.
So they let these little groups pretend to have power and do a little tribunal
and then everybody's happy. But meanwhile, what a rape has got expelled,
that's their punishment. Great job.
It sounds like the Catholic church transfer in people.
It doesn't sound any different. So this is someone to, so to me,
there was just like a garbage. If this guy's dangerous, go to the cops. Right?
So, so, uh, then I'm getting all this people coming to me about like,
don't you dare tell a victim to go. I don't know. You're a victim yet though.
That's the thing like when a victim says, you're a victim,
if you don't believe them, you're calling them a liar.
We have make sure you are a victim before we say eat one way or the other.
So we're getting ahead of ourselves. But, but this is just basic due process.
I guess the argument is because historically this is like the argument on coming
against me from <inaudible>, uh, historically women are not believed, uh,
which by the way, by who other women,
because what my experience is is any woman close to me that said she got raped.
I probably believe her. And every man, I know, in fact,
I know women that have get dudes into fights over like that.
Especially if you're in like white trash town where I grew up around,
like women are the ones that don't believe other women,
men are the only people stupid enough to believe women most of the time. Okay.
So that's already a thing that women aren't believed there's
Rosewood. Remember that that was cause a woman, a white woman was just believed.
And then there's a bunch of lynchings.
Of black people. Well, I think there's gotta be instances.
We should be very measured about this.
Cause there's gotta be instances in which women weren't believed,
of course like, but it doesn't.
Matter a full spectrum. It.
Has nothing to do. The, the idea,
the idea is that you can't believe him every time. Well, the larger point.
Is you have to look at it as an individual case.
Every case is individual and you look at it on it because that's fair.
It doesn't matter. Let's say no woman in history has ever lied about rape once.
Well, you still have to have due pros in case it happens once I'm not getting
sacrifice to the state for the good of the, you know what I mean?
If that happens.
To me and it does happen, it ha.
It's easier than you think it happens when you, uh, uh, have something to lose.
Like you're famous. Well, how about.
Custody case? A rape case? Yeah. And how many.
News stories of this going uncritically believed when, when, by the way,
was someone not believed in the media and, and it turned out. I,
I see a lot of people getting believed who lied. None of it matters though,
because like I said, that has no bearing on my individual.
Anything like if IM victim.
We've, we have cleared double standards as like,
when will just believe you and when will be.
Super skeptical, you know, Barry, Barry Crimins like, cuz he, you know, he,
if you haven't seen that documentary, anybody listened, uh, uh, uh,
call me lucky. He's real. It's great. So I, cuz he,
cause that guy's kind of hero what he did with uh, uh, AOL. They, he basically,
he was raping, he was four, which, uh, uh, uh, I mean,
that's crazy what that would do to somebody. And he,
I think he told us talking about it on stage first or something.
And he ended up when, when the internet was first becoming, uh, uh, you know,
nationwide thing, he was, there was child pornography everywhere.
Like pedophiles would buy AOL by the hour,
if you were rich and you could just freely trade child pornography.
So he had to testify before, uh, Congress,
the Senate and AOL had a lawyer there cuz they didn't wanna change their policy,
which was three strikes in you're out for child pornography. That's in the,
they actually with the straight phase,
like we have a firm three strike your out policy. Isn't.
That crazy? That that was only like 1995 or 96 or something like that.
Wasn't it's dude,
it's one of the best parts of the documentary because Barry's like,
well he told me, he is like, the guy says three strike. He goes, yeah, listen,
I love baseball too. But uh, <laugh> like, I love baseball more than anybody,
but, but they, they, uh,
the senators Congressman were tripping over themselves in a manly display of
being ignorant of technology or something very like really is like a quotable
dude. Like the, she says, but they go, well,
I don't know what all this internet is. I just know the pornography is bad.
Like some of 'em didn't know where the they were.
Robert Bird is just like the Sage of pornography where here for the SCO
of pornography. And at one.
Point in the doc he was talking about,
it was almost like the other lawyer against him.
And it was who had better stage presence. <laugh> that's hilarious. Yeah.
Where he was just clearly a better speaker, like,
like this really expensive lawyer was just like a opener.
And Barry's just such.
A, he performer and Barry got to talk. Yeah. And.
It was just over just test, you know,
he went over his time or he went over his time. Barry did, they had to change.
But anyway, I, uh, I wrote to him, after that I saw the document. I was like,
wow, that guy is made.
Man. I was like crying from that documentary.
Um, uh, well, anyway, so I don't know why that's okay. When the thanks, man.
The, all that came down on me.
People were going to Barry to get him to like denounce me.
Like I hardly knew him. Yeah. So he called me up and uh, you know,
you have to realize a lot of this cuz he did real work, helping people,
rape victims, kids were building like Batman. Okay. And,
and basically he, this turf.
If you're a feminist or whatever political thing, he goes,
you understand this is turf to them. They don't give a about an actual victim.
So like it's, you know, you'll try to do something good or help someone.
And if you go to one of these groups,
they grab it and they use it as their little symbol or whatever.
It's never about an individual person.
I talked to this woman at some woman when the height of things coming down to me
for saying, go over to the cops and on Facebook. And always people like no,
like the system has failed. Well, you, I, I,
I don't know that you didn't go to the system.
So how do you know also you're a white woman. I,
I think it'll it'll but does this woman call me to, to, to be fair?
This woman called me who, who wanted to, she wanted get in touch with me.
Some other creep inserted herself like some blogger check who initially
basically they baited with these nonsense arguments. That's what I'm saying.
Watch on there because there nobody's talking to you on there,
like having a chat or there's what I learned.
They're they're baiting you to get you to say something that they can,
they can say, oh, I took down such. And so, and there's no,
I'm I'm I'm from this dumb cult. So I'm,
I'm sincerely interested in being a chatty. Cathy, me too,
like a little and people, boy not sincere. They,
they wanna make a name for themselves, baiting you into doing something,
get you in trouble and they will with you as.
You can't believe you be in trouble for saying such as go to the police and not
Facebook if you're raped. So, so this woman called me in the thick of it.
I don't know her name still. Okay. Cuz she didn't really anything about me.
They're telling her I'm I'm a rape apologi with thank you for putting that next
to my name online for all time. I have now crazy. Just come pop up around.
It's just, it's just to put by.